welcome back to another sushi video
tutorial I'm chef Devaux and today I'm
going to show you guys how to make
something spectacular something
impossible something revolutionary
something innovative it's possibly the
future of sushi although it might not be
who knows but what's certain is over the
last hundred years sushi has evolved so
much from something that took six months
to make by fermenting rice and fish
together to something which is made
instantly in sushi bars across the
country so this could be the future
basically I use a Sumi machine to cook
the fish to an exact temperature 40
degrees Celsius and then what happens is
the fact dislocates the fish and you
create these sesame sized fish flakes
which are juicy and tender and perfectly
cooked unlike anything you'll ever be
able to achieve in a pan or pot and
they're just magnificent
it's a completely new way to love sushi
so I hope you guys enjoy this little
video let's get straight into making it
let's go it's the first thing you want
to do is you want to get a nice piece of
salmon with the grain going right across
and you don't want a curving of the
grain so I've cut it specifically to be
like so now you just want to make the
brine which is simply 500 milliliters of
water and then six percent salt and four
percent sugar I just want to let this
dissolve inside and then add your fish
[Music]
okay so it's been 24 hours since I
brined the fish and I just Pat it dry
and what's happened is the brine has
seasoned the fish perfectly and it's
changed structure so the albumin doesn't
leach out the albumin is the white stuff
that usually coats the outside of some
when you cook it and this way you'll
stay nice to oranjee when you cook it
now I'm just going to stick inside this
sube bag and then I'm just going to add
40 grams of extra virgin olive oil
perfect all right so this pot very easy
just put it inside your vacuum sealer
make sure it's lined properly close it
and
perfect
not easy alright and doesn't matter
there's no air pocket with oil because
you just want to basically poach it
inside oil that's the Pancham okay so
I've got this would be mushy 241 degrees
Celsius I'm just gonna add the salmon in
okay so you want to cook the salmon to
about 40 degrees Celsius and I put the
sous-vide machine at 41 degrees Celsius
to make it go a bit faster and you want
to leave it in there for about 25
minutes or 27 minutes 27 minutes if it's
pretty thick piece of salmon 25 minutes
not all right so after 27 minutes you
pull yourself up and then you just let
it rest for one or two minutes all right
so once it's cooked what I'm going to do
here is just take a butter knife and get
right in between layers of fat and
separated like so this piece a little
bit small and just like so they come off
pretty easy and it's almost like sashimi
slices but not quite because it's not
the way you cut a seam
[Music]
okay so you just put your knife in
between the fat layer and it just comes
apart and just help it slightly with
your hand and this is so soft it's just
incredible okay so you place your knife
in between the fat layer and she's just
slide in and it just comes off the
fish-like so it's extremely soft because
what's happened during the soft cooking
is the fat has sort of melted and the
tender tender fish is just so soft and
juicy that it just falls apart
oh it's now I've got everything prepared
I've got some avocado slices and my
salmon flakes in pieces wait look we
like sashimi I'm just gonna add a little
bit of soy wasabi err which you could
check out how to make by clicking on the
link on the top left corner to a plate
now you just pull it out alright so now
you just add some sliced avocado make
sure to spread them out nicely perfect
and now you add your salmon
and just finish it off by adding a
couple lower herbs or something to
decorate in this case I'm using some
mint and you can maybe just make your
air come towards the mint so it can be
fixed in place okay perfect okay I hope
you guys enjoyed watching how to make
this delicately cooked salmon sashimi
and if you want to make it without the
stream machine it's possible but it
would take a lot of effort you'd have to
sit there and turn the gas on and off
and watch it with a thermometer for 27
minutes which would be hell so I would
suggest just making the investment it's
the same as any other cooking machine in
your kitchen it's it cost money so if
you want to buy it you can just right
now by clicking on the Left
anyway I guess that's everything and I
guess there's nothing let's do but try
it yeah delicate fish dip inside the
soya sauce and they it here it's got
such juicy delicate flavors of fish and
the textures just it's somewhere in
between cooked Android's remarkable i
really suggest you guys try this at home
it's amazing god
alright that's all and now I'll just
show you a little clip about my new
kitchen which being built this will be
my new kitchen now it's still under
construction as you can see I'm really
excited about it it's been taking so
long to build this I have to lay down a
concrete floor with tiles 2.4
I think that that was painful
and I figured out how to do it all the
way just watching some YouTube videos
and getting on with it which is what you
do know about it okay so once this
kitchen is finished in about what two
months it will be dedicated to making
only YouTube videos and making better
sushi video recipes that's a sort of
dedication I have to making better
videos if you guys want to show me your
support to what I do then feel free to
share this video and many of my other
videos on Google+ Facebook Twitter
whatever your social media poison is and
if you want to show your business
anymore
then you can do so right now by clicking
on the forum pipes on patreon.com and
that's basically everything if you want
to see more videos every single week
then subscribe my channel top left
corner is completely free and you'll be
updated whenever new videos are released
and you want to see new videos this
second because that excited name take
home that right now you can see all my
other videos thank you for watching
tonight